## Cost Structure
What we need at the preparation is the cost of development and the fee for using the server. Development is not assumed because we do ourselves using our PC and smartphone. About $ 3,000 is required, referring to the server fee and GAE (cloud server service provided by Google). In addition, this fee is also a monthly operation cost.

The operation cost includes advertising expenses in addition to the server usage fee. The cost of the server (about $3,000) also includes server operation and network functions. The cost is depend on number of Yardsale's users. For example, the storage cost is $ 800 for 30TB. If we have to increase this data capacity to 60TB, the storage cost will be $ 1600 and the total cost will be $3800. The cost for providing a value proposition, advertising costs, is estimated to be $ 3,000 a month based on the useing example of Facebook.

## Revenue Streams
There will be two main revenue streams. The main one will be our 3% commission we take from every sale that happens on our platform. Our second stream of revenue will likely be the money from displaying ads on our platform. We plan to embed an already developed ad broker like Google’s AdSense. With 50,000 people each making an average purchase/s of $100.00 a month on our platform in the first quarter, the projected sales volume can be determined by 50000 * 100 *.03 (3%). This revenue stream will come out to around $150,000 a month and at this steady rate through a whole quarter, quarter 1 will see $450,000.00 in channel 1 revenue (commission revenue). Our second revenue channel will be less consistent. A very basic way to find a minimum is by analyzing the payout for CPM, the money we receive for 1000 people viewing an ad filled page is around $7.00. If we have 50,000 active users per month, navigating a minimum of 3 pages per visit, we will make ((50,0000 * 3) / 1000) * 7 ($) * 3 (3 months in a quarter). The second channel (AdSense) will bring in $3,150.00 in revenue. This brings quarter 1’s total to $453,150.00.  If each quarter our sites doubles in users quarter 2 total revenue will be $906,300.00, quarter 3 $1,359,450.00, and quarter 4 $1,812,600.00.

## Financial Plan
With a strong projected revenue stream that will be up to almost 2 million dollars in quarter 4, and roughly platueaing there for the next two years, our projected annual revenue for year 2 and three is 7,250,400 dollars each year. Our operating costs will be the salaries of software developers, which will be around 1.15 million dollars a year, Yarsale will be a very profitable and finacially viable buisness.
